marabou Stopes are on the prowl again
and they're not the only birds who pose
a threat pied crows not only sound
ominous but they're also a dab hand at
taking mongoose pups but not today the
pups fight back as one and helped by a
few adults give the crow a good run for
its money yet crows aren't the only
danger right now
out of the nearby bushes come the
stripes
the bandit brothers gathered for a fight
family clashes are ferocious and can
result in serious injury or even death
but if the band of brothers are to keep
control of this part of the territory
they need to prove their strength
the two families square up the battle
forming two distinct ransom
needle-sharp teeth pierced the skin on
both sides
the pups are kept at the back away from
the ferocious battle going on up front
as the battle rages the stripes get the
upper hand putting the banded brothers
to retreat into the bushes first round
to the stripes but the bandits have some
life in them yet and manage the stage'
counter-attack the stripes however are
just too strong and the band of brothers
must concede defeat to their arch
enemies at once moreover as the
vanquished leave the disputed territory
and thankfully alder pups seem fine but
there is one casualty
choker an adult male has suffered an
injury to his back leg and now he's
struggling to keep up with the rest of
the gang